Add info on typewriter tiering and support (#6324)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/protocols/apis-and-extensions/typewriter-v7.md

hidden: true
---

> warning ""

> > Typewriter v7 is not actively maintained by Segment. Typewriter is available on [Github](https://github.com/segmentio/typewriter/tree/v7.4.1) under the MIT license for the open-source community to fork and contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Segment does not actively maintain Typewriter v7. Typewriter is available on [Github](https://github.com/segmentio/typewriter/tree/v7.4.1){:target="_blank”} under the MIT license for the open-source community to fork and contribute.
```
